# STAT301-GROUP27

Education is a major factor for both individual growth and the development of society. Year after year students around the globe compete to attend prestigious universities in order to graduate with a respectable diploma in the workplace. Consequently, university rankings and evaluation have appeared on the forefront of the media as prospective undergraduates attempt to navigate the increasingly complex and contradictory information online. While some quantitative measures such as campus size and number of students are easy to evaluate, performance indicators such as teaching quality and research advancement are less obvious. As a result, websites such as Maclean's Education and Times Higher Education (THE) have created university rankings in an attempt to compile and display collected data in an informative manner. However, this has led to disagreements as to the most important indicators in determining university rankings.
The goal of this project is to create a predictive model that uses the most important independent quantitative variables to determine the overall score of the university. This model would consider various performance indicators measured by THE and attempt to predict the overall score of a university based on this model. THE has a dataset with "over 680,000 data points from more than 2,500 institutions'' (Ross, 2023). The director of data and analytics Duncan Ross oversees a team at THE that generates the world university rankings by accumulating data on a university’s performance in several aspects such as teaching ability, research ability, international outlook, etc.
